==========
Brian Moss
==========

As a Knowledge Engineer in the Technical Services team at `MongoDB
<https://www.mongodb.com/>`__, I'm responsible for providing internal and
external customers with a high-quality Knowledge Base. In addition to creating
content myself, I review and edit submissions from colleagues, while also
working to improve searchability and presentation within the site.

Prior to MongoDB, I was an Information Architect at Rackspace on the
`Rackspace Private Cloud <https://www.rackspace.com/en-au/cloud/private>`_
(RPC) product. In addition to documentation duties, I built our internal
publishing solution and developed several enhancements for our tool chain.

RPC was the smaller part of my job, however, and most of my time was dedicated
to upstream `OpenStack <https://www.openstack.org/>`_ development. In addition
to being a core reviewer for the `Documentation project
<https://docs.openstack.org/>`_, I was also the documentation tools team lead,
which meant I spent as much time writing and reviewing code as I did technical
content. I have twice served as a documentation release manager. Through
OpenStack I have had the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills in
Python, Sphinx, reStructuredText, jQuery, CSS, and HTML.

Before Rackspace, I was a Technical Writer at Red Hat where I worked on
several cloud technologies, including `OpenShift <https://www.openshift.com/>`_
and `CloudForms
<https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/management/cloudforms>`_.

Learning about new technology and sharing that knowledge with others is the
highlight of my job, and I love the camaraderie of the open source community. I
run the Brisbane OpenStack meetup and organized the documentation miniconf at
linux.conf.au 2017.

Originally from Canada, I now live in Brisbane with my wife and two dogs. When
Iâ€™m not writing, I spend my time cycling, reading, and playing board games.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   education.rst
   employment.rst
   community.rst
   portfolio.rst
   references.rst
   contact.rst
   downloads.rst
