============
Introduction
============

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   education.rst
   employment.rst
   references.rst
   portfolio.rst
   community.rst
   downloads.rst
   contact.rst

Most recently, I worked as an Information Architect at Rackspace on the
`Rackspace Private Cloud <https://www.rackspace.com/en-au/cloud/private>`_
(RPC) product. In addition to documentation duties I built our internal
publishing solution and developed several enhancements for our tool chain.

RPC was the smaller part of my job, however, and most of my time was dedicated
to upstream `OpenStack <https://www.openstack.org/>`_ development. In addition
to being a core reviewer for the `Documentation project
<https://docs.openstack.org/>`_, I am also the documentation tools team lead,
which means I spend as much time writing and reviewing code as I do technical
content. I have twice served as a documentation release manager. Through
OpenStack I have had the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills in
Python, Sphinx, reStructuredText, jQuery, CSS, and HTML.

Prior to Rackspace, I was a Technical Writer at Red Hat, where I started as
part of a small team dedicated to their Platform-as-a-Service offering,
`OpenShift <https://www.openshift.com/>`_. After documenting this software from
its beta beginnings until it was a commercial product, I took the opportunity
to lead my own team of writers on `Red Hat CloudForms
<https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/management/cloudforms>`_, a cloud
management platform that integrates with a range of cloud technologies such as
OpenStack, Amazon EC2, Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization, and VMware vSphere.

Learning about new technology and sharing that knowledge with others is the
highlight of my job, and I love the camaraderie of the open source community. I
run the Brisbane OpenStack meetup and organized a documentation miniconf at
linux.conf.au 2017. More details of my community activities can be found on the
:ref:`community` page.

Originally from Canada, I now live in Brisbane with my wife and two dogs. When
Iâ€™m not writing, I spend my time cycling, reading, and playing board
games.
